Question 22, almost done, eight left.
What statements are true about
the following cookie header?
This cookie is accessible
from www.website.com, but
not from blog.website.com.
This cookie can only be set
client-side on the website.com domain.
This cookie gets treated
like a session cookie.
Or this cookie will be sent when
navigating from another website to
www.website.com.
So the right answer is C, this cookie
gets treated a session cookie, and D,
this cookie will be sent when navigating
from another website to www.website.com.
So let's see why.
So first we, I mean, we've set my
cookie value I won't explain that part,
but then we also set the domain.
And this kind of means that the cookie
will be accessible on website.com but
also its subdomains, right?
It's just that domain.
If the domain attribute was not specified,
this cookie would only be available on
the exact domain that that cookie set.
So where that request came from, the
cookie is then set on just that domain.
But in this case we do specify it, so
it's also available on the subdomains.
Next we set secure,
which really just means that
this cookie should only ever
be transmitted over HTTPS.
So this helps prevent the cookie from
being intercepted by an attacker,
men in the middle, all that stuff.
And next we have HTTP only,
which means that we cannot
access this cookie client site.
So we cannot use document.cookie.
It will only be included in HTTP requests.
So the server can have it, but
we cannot access it on the client.
So then there are other things, cuz if we
sometimes do not specify certain things,
like same sites,
then it will default back to lax.
I never know if you'd pronounce it lax or
L-A-X, I'll just say lax, which
essentially means that this cookie will be
sent from top level
navigations to that site.
So if we were on other website.com and
we type website.com, in that request,
the cookie will still be set.
And this is just nice, cuz if you wanna
see if a user is already authenticated,
the user wouldn't have to reload that
page to then get that authentication,
because then it will be
set on the same site.
But that only applies to
those top level navigations.
And as long as it's a get request and
the connection is secure,
so if you're using HTTPS.
You also have same site, None,
which basically says that you,
any website can have it, or
same Site Strict which only allows
the cookie to be read by the same site.
So only if the request is
the same origin request,
then it'll be included in that request.
But in this case, lax is kind of the most
intuitive one when you haven't navigate
to the site from another site,
tab level navigation then it is included.
Next, we have yes A is false,
a cookie is accessible from
www.website.com and not from blog.
This is false because we set the domain,
which also means it's
available on subdomains.
[LAUGH] The cookie can only be set
client-side on the website.com domain.
It cannot be set client-side at all,
because we have the HTTP only.
So this is false.
This cookie gets treated
a session cookie is also true.
And this is one of those other default
behaviors, is when we don't set an expire
or a max age,
it will just get treated a session cookie.
So as long as the user has
opened a browser and stuff that,
will this cookie live.
And this cookie will be sent when
navigating from another website to
website.com, that's true as we just
saw it with the same site lax,
which is the default if you don't
specify any same site attributes.